22/09/2020
Accenture:
Ansible:
1)What are handlers
2)What types modules we have?
3)where do we have ansible config file location?
4)what are ansible tags?
5)what are ansible blocks
6) what are Ansible Roles? 4 types
7)what is Ansible tower? How to monitor jobs in it?
8)what are ansible vaults?why we need to encrypt playbook?what is the command to excute 
Ansible vault is useful to encrypt our playbooks(including roles and variable)
We need to encrypt our playbooks because there is a possibly that playbooks contain certain credentials(passwords,Aws keys) 
,SSL certificates or other sensitive data.saving such sentive data is bad idea,because ,one wrong commit can cause org a huge loss.
Or 
Ansible Vault is a feature of ansible that allows you to keep sensitive data such as passwords or keys in encrypted files, 
rather than as plaintext in playbooks or roles. These vault files can then be distributed or placed in source control.
Command: ansible-vault encrypt playbookname 
after that enter password, we should remember this password.
9)what are adhoc commands?
10)What is ansible?
11.what is maven plugin installed in Jenkins
mavantop level  invoks
12.what are the maven phases and goals ?which ones runs first?
What are Maven goals and phases and what is their difference?
Goals are executed in phases which help determine the order goals get executed in. 
The best understanding of this is to look at the default Maven lifecycle bindings which shows which goals get run 
in which phases by default. The compile phase goals will always be executed before the test phase goals which will always be 
executed before the package phase goals and so on.



Harman Interview questions:
[11:49, 05/11/2020] Latish DevOps DBA: 
1. How you integrated the build or deployed in the pipeline?  How many instances you used in your   environment?
2. Whatever you way created deployment? How many hosts used for the same?
3. Why you are use webhooks?
4. What all things you configured in Devops from scratch?
5. How you cut cost for your development Deployments (Infrastructure)?
6. What functionality you used in Ingress controller?
7. Which Load balancer in EKS?
8. Can you let me know the procs and cons of co-ordinates?
9. How Ingress Manage the instances? redirect the request?
10. How you define the Path and rule?
11. How you configured the authentication?
12. Are you configured the RBAC Authentication?
13. What is the ARM? Why we use it?
14. How many types of the users configured with the K8's Instance for the Deployment?
15. Are you handling the certificate healing?
16. I want to deploy (install) 10 services for K8's, It can use 50000 users   used by the application? How you will deploy? Which strategy you followed?
17. What is a portal? Diff b/n Portal and Website?
18. How can you access the particular Load balancer? my ELB is outside?
19. I am created (db)postgres sql for one pod, one of my instance 'Centos',    I have deployed something, i want use my db inside with the k8's how can i use that?
20. What is the head less service?	
21. How you will deploy the portal? Where will you deploy? What is the drawback?
22. Can you give me the example, where the portal is also deployed on the same k8’s cluster where the server…
23. Which configuration mgt tool u used?
24. What OS u used? Any specific reason?
25. Have you done any port forwarding?
26. What is the blue print of your infrastructure?
27. How you automated those Devops tools in your environment?
[11:51, 05/11/2020] Latish DevOps DBA: 8th question  Kubernetes sir in place co-ordinates.