Ticket: Middleware/Server Connectivity Problem
One of the most common DevOps support ticket types that comes across our desks is related to connectivity issues. 
It normally goes something like this: “I am trying to deploy to IIS or to WebShpere. If I log in through Windows or Unix with the correct credentials,
I can log in and access my middleware applications. But when I try to connect via WinRm or SSH, things don’t work. I keep getting a weird error saying 
“host not trusted.”
Answer: Simply being able to connect to the server is only half the battle. Troubleshooting the remote connections is often required to automate deployment tasks.

Ticket: Permissions Error
This prevalent ticket boils down to restrictions causing errors accessing files, folders remotely, and so on. 
It’s most common when you need access to something like the temp directory, but you don’t have sufficient rights from the system administrator.
 These restrictions are put in place for security reasons and to stop chaos from breaking out inside your directory/repository.
Answer: Talk to your sysadmin. This should be the first and easiest step. If your sysadmin is on vacation or just won’t give you permissions,
 you can use a workaround. Workarounds for problems like these are specific to each case depending on what environment you’re working in.
 Our best advice is to map out your deploy before starting so you can figure out exactly what you will need permissions for…before you’re denied.

Ticket: Server Limitations Causing Deployments to Fail 
If you don’t have enough disk space, if you have competing applications, or if things are just slow, it’s probably because you have server limitations.
 Server limitations often times cause deployments to fail, for obvious reasons. Server space should be on the checklist of any developer when things go awry.
Answer: The best answer we can give in this situation is to understand how to configure the resources that are being shared amongst a lot of users and applications. 
You can also look for space in another network location.

Ticket: Software Updates Breaking Functionality of Existing Software Packages
Software updates are great! Right? New functionality and optimization are wonderful, 
but only when they don’t mess up your existing structure. This ticket comes up often because of 
software updates no longer being compatible with older versions of plugins or applications. 
“Everything was working yesterday, but now I have all these error messages when I try to deploy my website.”
Answer: Once you’ve downloaded a new version of software, double check your systems by doing diagnostics, checking logs, backing out of updates, and so on.
As you can imagine, there are any number of fixes for this ticket, all of which depend on the specific update and application.

Ticket: Network Bottlenecks Causing Problems with Deployment/Release Times
There is nothing worse than meticulously writing and reviewing scripts for a new application only to have the deploy fail due to network issues.
 This is common when trying to run or copy huge files or when moving to a new environment.
Answer: Our best advice is to start managing your deployment schedule. Once you understand your resources and bandwidth,
 you can learn when the network is in the least use (overnight) and schedule your deployment to release then. Other options 
include deploying in parallel instead of sequentially or breaking up your deployment.
